Like a
boss. And then we started watching this
series on Netflix. It was something about these chefs.
It was all these, these French cooks and a,
it was great to hear the French language cause I kind of stopped that.
Once again I was picking up, you know,
little phrases here or there that made me feel good and these fucking,
these chefs were incredible. We watched like two or three episodes of it.
Of course, I don't know what the name of it is
[inaudible]
but it made me want to live in Paris for like fucking three months, four months,
five,
whatever it would take just to get kind of passable and take a pastry maker.
I know that sounds like the stupidest thing ever, but this fucking guy,
he takes like an apple and he was going like this guy was an artist.
He was just sitting there going like, you know,
I'm so sick of making all these fucking thing. I had to come up with some new,
the thing to do with an apple and he fucking just imagine if he just kept
peeling a thing. Right. If you just peeling the skin off.
But you just kept going all the way down to the core.
He did that and it was all one piece you did with some hand crank thing and he
said, I wanted to make a rose out of an apple.
And he somehow did it and turned it into a dessert.
You've got pool of fellow visual models.
[inaudible]
no, not [inaudible]. [inaudible]
[inaudible] Nash [inaudible] view
[inaudible] sauce to Lima. Did I eat
[inaudible]
fucking chop that duck in a, in a chicken in half. And he sewed them together,
which was very naziesque slash American horror story that kind of creeped me
out.
Sassy Cohen Food
[inaudible] you afraid?
[inaudible]
and then of course they had to show how they fucking,
they were cooking lobsters. Live lobsters over an open flame.
Can I kiss you guys a question? What? What are the lobster ever do to us?
Every other animal has the decency of being dead before we fucking,
at least in this country. I know other countries,
they got fucking met maggots running around their apple jacks for extra protein.
You know, that's like us putting way potter into our shakes.
They put like fucking bugs and stuff, you know what I mean?
Puts a little spring in your step. A little twinkle in your eyes. So anyways,
I'm watching this fucking lunatic and I'm for the life of me.
I don't know why they just can't. At least just can you just fucking,
I don't know.
Can they make it like a little lobster hammer and just fucking knock it out?
At least does it have to be squirming on the flame and you have to keep telling
me that it doesn't feel pain. It doesn't have a central nervous system.
Whatever the fuck they try to say. It's just like, like what?
It's like an Amoeba. It isn't. Okay. The fucking thing's got eyeballs and shit.
It's walking around. It's got its little tentacles, whatever you call it, those,
those big fucking things coming out. It can see it breathes.
You gotta have paid. That's part of survival, right?
Wish it was a way to shut it off.
Um,
Jesus, I'm all over the map. I was talking about l fucking nut LSU.
I was talking about Alabama USC. Now where the hell am I? So anyways,
the guy got sick of talking about a week after a while,
he just got sick of the blood of all the animals.
[inaudible] [inaudible], [inaudible]
[inaudible] I pushed you back. T
J O v
and he got three stars over in, in, um, in France.
And three stars is the highest you can get, which is so fucking Parisian.
You know what I mean? There's so fucking understated and classy.
I hate to say it is American, but they really are.
They really earned their snooty fucking behavior over there. The people,
their style, their clothes, that's it. They crush it. You know,
Mr t would got himself a gold chain and there was this like, you know what?
One isn't enough. Let me get fucking 9,000 of them and hanger.
They're the exact opposite of that.
They got like all mood muted colors and then Bam,
a sick ass pair of shoes or a hat or the ladies with their bags,
just fucking class. It's not like, you know, it's not like us loud Americans,
you know, but it's good to be loud sometimes.
You're so skinny, your eyes are in single file. Well, you are so ugly.
Your ears stick out to get away from your face. Well, your mom is,
oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't bring in one mother to this.
She Ain't here. It wasn't for your mother. You wouldn't be here.
So you remember when you put down one mother,
you putting out mothers all over the world.
[inaudible].